Now that we wrote our first test, that actually makes sense.
Let's continue and write the number one.
Our code here only works correctly if we have a header and authorization header which can be split into
two pieces because that's what we're doing here.
The reason for that, of course, is that we expect something like bearer and then our token, right?
That is how we send our tokens, that is how we send that authorization header and therefore this is
something we could test for.
It should flow an error if.
The authorization header is only one string.
Now let's pass a function here again where we define our actual testing code.
And in there now again I will create my own dummy request object where I get my authorization header.
Now it's not null anymore, but it's only one string, so only let's say x, y, z as a token value.
And that means that now we can again to find an expectation where we say when the off middleware gets
called, and just as before, we're not calling it ourselves, we're preparing it to be called by using
bind here.
This says to this keyword, then our dummy request object, then an empty object for response, and
then well, an empty function for the next function.
And I expect that to flow.
Now you could check for an exact error message, but if you're not sure, or if you only care about
whether an error is thrown at all, you can also just check for flow like this without passing any arguments
to it.
So now this should indeed fail.
If I now rerun NPM test here, I mean it should succeed because it's because indeed we get an error
if we pass this in.
Because if I check for this not to flow just to demonstrate this now, it will actually throw as an
error here because it expected it to not throw an error.
But actually we got an error here, as you can see, because splitting our code essentially failed.
So we want to make sure that an error does get thrown here, and that is another test.
Now, of course, the more tests we add, the more difficult this output here becomes to read.
Right now, it's still easy.
We know we're only testing the off middleware and there we got to tests.
But what if we're testing more than just the of middleware?
What if we later all to start testing our controllers, which we will?
Well, then we might want to find out which of these statements here refer to the of middleware and
which statements refer to our controllers or to which controller.
And for that, Mark actually gives us more than just the IT function for defining and organizing our
tests.
Besides it, there is a describe function, a describe function is there to group your tests and you
can test as many describe function calls as you want.
So you can have multiple describe function calls inside of each other, describe all the takes a title,
and that now is not a sentence that reads like an English sentence, but instead like a header for the
group you're describing, like, for example, of middleware.
Now this gripe also takes a function as a second argument, and into this function you pass all your
test cases as these function calls are called.
So now they're inside of this function of the scribe.
And as I mentioned, if you need it, you can also have a describe in a describe.
And then in the function of that describe, you could have your test cases.
So now we have that organization and if I now run LPM test again, you see that you have this header
here now which makes it easier to find out to which file or to which area of your code of your app these
tests belong.
And that of course can be very useful.
And therefore from now on we'll use this describe grouping to make our code more readable and easier
to understand.